1.FFmpeg 
  FFmpeg is the leading multimedia framework, able to decode, encode, transcode, mux, demux, stream, filter 
  and play pretty much anything that humans and machines have created.
2.FreeType
  FreeType is a freely available software library to render fonts.
3.Fontconfig
  Fontconfig is a library for configuring and customizing font access. 
4.FriBidi
  The FriBidi package is an implementation of the Unicode Bidirectional Algorithm (BIDI). 
  This is useful for supporting Arabic and Hebrew alphabets in other packages.
5.harfbuzz
  HarfBuzz is a text shaping engine. It primarily supports OpenType, but also Apple Advanced Typography. 
  HarfBuzz is used in Android, Chrome, ChromeOS, Firefox, GNOME, GTK+, KDE, LibreOffice, OpenJDK, PlayStation, 
  Qt, XeTeX, and other places.
6.lame
  The LAME package contains an MP3 encoder and optionally, an MP3 frame analyzer. This is useful for creating 
  and analyzing compressed audio files.
7.libass
  libass is a portable subtitle renderer for the ASS/SSA (Advanced Substation Alpha/Substation Alpha) subtitle 
  format that allows for more advanced subtitles than the conventional SRT and similar formats.
  
8.expat
  Expat, a stream-oriented XML parser library written in C.Expat excels with files too large to fit RAM, and 
  where performance and flexibility are crucial

9.ogg
  Ogg is a multimedia container format, and the native file and stream format for the Xiph.org multimedia 
  codecs. As with all Xiph.org technology is it an open format free for anyone to use.

10.theora
  Theora is a free and open video compression format from the Xiph.org Foundation.

11.vorbis
  Ogg Vorbis is a fully open, non-proprietary, patent-and-royalty-free, general-purpose compressed audio format
  for mid to high quality (8kHz-48.0kHz, 16+ bit, polyphonic) audio and music at fixed and variable bitrates 
  from 16 to 128 kbps/channel.

12.libvpx
  This package, from the WebM project, provides the reference implementations of the VP8 Codec, used in most 
  current html5 video, and of the next-generation VP9 Codec. 
  
13.libwebp
  The libwebp package contains a library and support programs to encode and decode images in WebP format.

14.opencore-amr
  Open source implementation of the Adaptive Multi Rate (AMR) speech codec.

15.openjpeg
  OpenJPEG is an open-source implementation of the JPEG-2000 standard. OpenJPEG fully respects the JPEG-2000
  specifications and can compress/decompress lossless 16-bit images.
  
16.openssl
  OpenSSL is a robust, commercial-grade, and full-featured toolkit for the Transport Layer Security (TLS) and
  Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocols. It is also a general-purpose cryptography library.

17.opus
  Opus is a lossy audio compression format developed by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) that is 
  particularly suitable for interactive speech and audio transmission over the Internet.

18.rtmpdump
  Real Time Messaging Protocol.RTMPDump is a lightweight tool designed to help you capture RTMP connections
  and dump media files.

19.soxr
  High quality 1D sample-rate conversion library.
  
20.speex
  Speex is an audio compression format designed especially for speech. It is well-adapted to internet 
  applications and provides useful features that are not present in most other CODECs.
  
21.zimg
  A lightweight and high performance image storage and processing system. The zimg is an image storage
  and processing server. http://zimg.buaa.us/

22.zlib
  A Massively Spiffy Yet Delicately Unobtrusive Compression Library.
